I used the Java programming language when constructing the program. For socket programming, user input, and scanner, I imported the java.io and java.util libraries. For the RSA/DES encryption/decryption implementation, I imported the java.crypto and java.security libraries. And Lastly, to declare/initialize the TS and Instant values, I imported the time libraries.
The IDE I used was Netbeans.
I approached the construction of this project in an incremental process. As illustrated in the instructions, I first declared and initialize the shared variables being the ID (CA, and S) and the public key of CA (by writing into a text file). I then added in the distinct variables for each file, such as the public key S, the temporary keys and the individual strings. For CA, I initialized the public and private keys. I then set up the socket connection between Server, the Certificate Authority and the Client. Server, encryption the concatenation of the designated variables and encrypts (RSA) it using the public key of CA (reading from the text file). In CA, the ciphertext is decrypted (RSA) using the private key. CA then uses DES encryption (from the method I implemented in previous labs) using a temporary key variable and sends to Server to decrypt (using a similar DES decryption method) and recover the temporary key variable. For recovering variables without directly sharing them, I measure the length of each designated variable before sending the ciphertext to the destination, have the destination read the length, and, after decryption, use the length to read the substring of the plaintext. This process persists for the other exchanges between Server and Client. The project overall was straight-forward and there was little to no difficulty implementing it.
